Good morning, family. Praise the Lord.
I'm excited to be with you all again
today. I have another video for you.
A lot of people thought I was saying
that I wasn't going to do videos anymore
for a while, but that's not what I was
saying yesterday. I was telling you that if I
don't feel the Holy Spirit on a video
when I sit down to do it, you don't
want to listen to me; you want to listen
to Him. I am desperate for
Him, and if I don't feel His presence
and it's dry, I'm not going to
upload it. I was trying to
tell you all yesterday that this is
about Him and Him getting the
warning out to you for what's coming and
the seriousness of the hour. I was
trying to warn you yesterday about the
North Koreans that I was shown
in train cars. There
were
literally thousands of North
Korean men being taken
from North Korea to Russia for the war.
I could see them; they were
freezing in the back of these cars
with heavy coats on,
being transported to Russia
to get prepared for war. These
men looked starved
and
had no nutrition at
all; they looked very
skeletal.
These men were not trained fighters;
they
were like farmers.
What I felt in my spirit was
that
they looked
expendable to me. They didn't
look
like people with office jobs;
they looked like
what we would call
lower-income
people. It was very sad. They were excited to get
out of North Korea
and
see the world because they've
been so oppressed and in
bondage. These men were on these
boxcars,
celebrating their departure. I heard the Lord
say, 'But they're going to their death and
they don't even know it. You must pray
for them.'They don't know the
Lord; many have never
had the opportunity to hear the Gospel.
It grieved me because I saw the plan
of the enemy to push these men to
the
front so that others didn't have
to risk their lives.
It was
like going to a slaughter.
It was very grieving what the Lord
showed me when I was praying in the
spirit. There were
thousands of them,
train after train. I
don't know if this is happening right
now, if
it's
secret,
or if it's public knowledge,
but I was shown
train after train with
thousands—I
would venture to say
100,000
men—going
to
help with this Ukrainian war.
I warned you they were going to
create another plague. I warned you that
their plan is to disrupt
Trump's
agenda. Last time
they sent COVID, and I told you this virus
they're preparing is
much worse than COVID ever was.
This is
a very lethal
virus that's
about to happen soon. This video
contains
news clips of
the media talking about this;
they're already
showing
their cards
before they release it.
This
news
briefing from CNN is from December
27,
2024.
Folks, the
ball is
already starting to roll.
I saw
President Trump in office
when
they release this next plague.
Listen to what they
are saying
concerning the new CDC report on
the first severe human case of bird flu
in the
US. Louisiana, Dec 27: it shows mutations that
could make it easier for this virus to
spread from person to person. Right
now there's no evidence it has
been passed along to anyone else,
but experts warn a single
mutation like this could
lead to another pandemic. Russia's
Ministry of Defense released a
statement revealing the activities
of the United States military. The
ministry says
Washington
searches for virus mutations
to further its own
interests.
It's not a question of if, it's a
question of when we will have a bird flu
pandemic.
It
has a
significant mortality rate, probably
between 25 and 50
percent.
Once the
virus gains the ability to attach to the
human
receptor and go
human-to-human,
that's when you'll have the
pandemic.
They're already
planning it, folks.
I
told you it will happen in Europe first.
It's an airborne virus that looks yellow. This is
what the Lord showed me; it's
genetically created in a
lab using AI
technology. The more
this virus
co-circulates
with human strains, the more
that increases
the odds of
it
evolving into
human-to-human
transmission.
Dr. Deborah
Birx,
response
coordinator for the White House
Coronavirus
Task Force,
noted
that
human cases have been
reported this year, all
contracted from animals. However, most happened in the spring and summer. That's exactly when I said it would happen. This isn't a call to fear, but a
call
to
prayer
to understand
the
power
of
the name
Jesus
and
our
covenant in Christ.
They do not want him to
bring back America better or
implement
tariffs.
We have rising flu
cases and now
zoonotic
events coming. You've set up for
a farm worker getting
H5N1 while also getting the current flu strain
and reassorting in that individual.
Washington has
been amassing various pathogens from
its involvement with various
biolabs
around the world.
Whenever the Pentagon
is interested in pathogens, whether it be bird
flu
or the African swine
flu, they later somehow end up becoming
a
pandemic.
Their findings point
out
possible collusion between Big Pharma
and the US via an intermediary company called
EcoHealth
Alliance.
Two months
before the world heard about it, there
was an exercise at Johns
Hopkins University where
they
practiced
transferring an unknown
strain from bats to humans via a pig.
This July,
they are opening the Office of Pandemic
Preparedness,
led by a
retired Air Force Major.
Documents
from
the
military operation in
Ukraine point to
the US Army Medical
Research Institute of Infectious
Diseases.
They
are
collecting dangerous pathogens
from around the world in these
biolabs.
Representatives
led projects
where
the
possibility of using arthropods to
spread Rickettsia, tick-borne encephalitis virus,
causative agents of
Crimean-Congo
hemorrhagic fever, and
hantaviruses
was studied.
Dr.
Anthony
Fauci
reportedly made a lot of
money from this pandemic.
He
was adamant
that
it came about
naturally, yet we have biolabs
for
developing bioweapons.
They transferred authority to
the
agency
run by
Anthony Fauci. He got
responsibility for bioweapons
development and a 68
percent
raise. 300 scientists
wrote President Obama saying
Fauci is
going to create a
microbe
that will cause a
global pandemic. Obama
signed a moratorium, but instead
of obeying,
Anthony
Fauci's
shifted
operations
offshore to
a
lab that
the Chinese
military
runs.
I saw them burning files in Ukraine
to cover up
what was behind closed
doors.
We are in the end times.
The Bible told us there
would
be pestilence, plagues, and
rumors of
wars.
They're using AI
to create superbugs
for
population control.
The Lord
showed me it would be another
genocide.
This
is
a
wake-up
call
to know your authority.
Here's another clip warning
about January 20th.
A doctor from Texas
is
warning
that
starting on January 21st, we have
big-picture stuff coming.
H5N1
is
all over wild birds
and
getting
into
cattle
and
milk.
We have another major
coronavirus
likely brewing in Asia.
We also have
problems with mosquito-transmitted
viruses
like
Dengue,
Zika,
or
yellow fever.
All that's going to
come crashing down on January 21st on
the Trump administration.
All
of
this
is
just
the beginning.
I saw a
big red
dragon hiding behind
BlackRock
waiting for an opportunity
to come out.
CDC confirms the first case
of severe bird flu in the
US. They're releasing the
Kraken.
I saw it a year
in advance; it's going to be
later on, I think 2026 or 2027. I don't
believe it's going to be the first year. Would
they
be
that bold and that aggressive
in
the first year?
I
think
they're going to wait at least a year
or
two.
Governor Newsom
declared a
state of emergency in
California due to the bird flu.
Newsom,
who I believe
will run for
president in 2028,
is
being
groomed
to be the
Democratic Sugar Sugar boy
boy.
I saw
Gavin
and Michelle running one day.
It's always
something with Gavin.
He
declared
a
state of emergency right before
the inauguration. It was
in Louisiana, but
now
it's
in
the
cows
in California.
It's their go-to plan.
We'll see. I want you all to be
alert.
They couldn't assassinate him
or
put him in jail; God
protected
him.
But
COVID
worked last time, and they're
looking for
another opportunity.
$5
million
Bill
Gates
Foundation—look
at
that—to
make the bird flu transmissible
to humans. Is that real? I don't
even know what to say to this. It was all
over
Twitter. $176 million for
vaccine
development. They're
giving him the money because they
want to be able to capitalize on this
thing again. We're seeing
$176 million granted to the Bill Gates
Foundation to create a vaccination for
the bird
flu. Here it
is: 'U.S. to award Moderna, the same people who
created the COVID vaccination, $176
million for vaccine development for
the bird flu
concerns'—the
ones that, I guess, are all
over California affecting the cows. It's
affecting the cows over there and
everything else. I just think—don't you
think that's kind of interesting? I'm
just saying $176 million is not just a
little bit of money; that's a lot of
money, folks. So Bill Gates
is just over there pulling that
slot machine lever, raking it
in. It's ridiculous. He's laughing about it to prepare
for the next one. He said, 'That
will get
attention this
time.'Oh,
it'll
get attention this time, huh? So COVID didn't
get enough attention? They locked people
out of their houses
and
businesses; you closed churches down, you
closed
down factories, and you made people
stay in their houses for weeks at a time,
locking down everybody's livelihood.
It didn't get their attention? But this
one's going to get their attention this
time. Play that again. That
tells you to prepare for the next one.
They laugh about it; he laughs about
it and her too—is that his wife? I don't
know. God help him.
They
killed millions of people and
then it wasn't enough? It didn't get your
attention? Yeah, the guy's the
devil. I want to point this out to y'all.
I was listening to Benny
Johnson—I
really like this
guy.
The last time, it was released in China
and all the stuff started happening
overseas in December. Here we are
in December again, and all this is
bubbling up in the flu season. That's
what I'm talking about when I told you
all about taking your D3 and
K2
and boosting your immune system
so that your body is
able to fight off stuff better.
You have your D3 levels up, and that's
why the Lord instructed... I
told the kids, so we're taking 10,000 IUs
a day. I'm not telling you to do that for your family—you need to talk to your healthcare
provider—but
that's what we
do as a family.
I think
it's interesting,
the
whole thing. It's
alarming.
This
happens when Trump
comes
in.
They
don't want
him to get re-elected, so they derailed
the election last time with this. Now
he got elected,
he gets inaugurated in January,
and they start bringing this crap up
again.
It's incredible.
They're telling people who
are
around poultry or chickens
to wear protective gear.
They declared a state
of emergency in California.
In
the article I just read,
Benny Johnson said they're
going to take all precautions
necessary, including
lockdowns
if needed. Gavin
Newsom
said it right out of his mouth
on Fox.
It's already in the
dairy
herds
of cows: 33 in California, one in
Colorado, zero in Louisiana, and two in Michigan.
It's
affecting the cows, but do you remember
Hank Kunneman? He gave a
word about the cows and said
they were going to try to hurt our cows.
Listen
to
this about Hank Kunneman's word about
the cows.
So it
is affecting the cows just like
Pastor Hank Kunneman said.
There
are
10,852 wild birds detected as of December
17,
2024.
51 jurisdictions with bird
flu.
I think it's
very alarming.
It's what the
Holy Spirit warned us about.
It's
not a call
to fear, but a call to prayer to
shake the people. These
people are relentless and evil.
It's the signs
of the times,
the birthing pains
of
their
plan to derail
this next administration. Just
like the drones in New
Jersey,
it goes
throughout the whole world. You see drone
sightings
throughout the
world.
They're
desensitizing
people.
I
saw
Jesus standing at
the door waiting for
instructions from the Father to come
back. I asked, 'Lord, why are you standing at
the door
still?'He
said, 'I'm waiting on my
Father to tell me to come get my
bride.'We
are
right there.
It's
a vision
explaining the signs of the times
of where we are.
Jesus Christ is getting ready to
come back.
All these signs
are happening,
and we're seeing
the beginning of sorrows.
The
demonstration
of
glory
will
follow those who believe. We
will counter-react in a greater measure
with
the glory of the Lord,
imparting
healing to
show that
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today,
and forever.
He has
risen
from the dead and is seated at the
right hand of the Father
making intercession for
you. He died on the cross
so you don't have to go to a
devil's hell. Hell was not made for
us;
it was made
for the devil and his demons. It's our
choice whether we choose Jesus and
salvation
or
go to hell.
You
send yourself there
by rejecting what Jesus did on
the cross.
He has opened His arms wide.
He says, 'Will you serve
Me?'He's
standing at that door right now
while
the media
warns
of
a great economic
crisis—a
depression worse than the 1930s.
He's providing a
window of
grace to get your house in
order. Are you ready for the coming of
the Lord?
Will you help Him
bring
in
the harvest? He wants us to be His
hands, feet,
face, and eyes.
The only Jesus people
see is probably the Jesus in you and
me, like brother Jesse said.
How will
they know
unless we preach it?
There's a
heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You can choose Him right now.
He's a God of love; He just
wants you to confess
your sins. It's appointed
unto man once to die, and after that the
judgment.
You will give an account for
all you did on this
Earth. Have you confessed Jesus Christ as
your Lord and Savior?
Today is your day.
None of
us are promised tomorrow. You could die
in your sleep tonight.
You're not even promised
the
next
ten
years.
We arrogantly wake up every
day thinking we have tomorrow,
but you
could
have an
accident on
the
way to
work.
We believe in divine protection, but
people are not promised tomorrow.
Will you accept Jesus Christ as
your personal Savior today?
Forgive me of all my
transgressions.
Are you the prodigal
running
home?
Repeat this prayer
after me.
Believe
Jesus died
and
rose again on the third
day.
He's writing
your name in
the
Lamb's Book of
Life
right now.
Father, I'm a
sinner. I need a
Savior. Forgive me of my
sins.
If
I confess my sins,
You are faithful and
just to forgive me and
cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Wash me with Your blood. Write my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I
believe You're the Son of God. I believe
You died and rose on the third day.
Come into my life, Jesus. I make
You my Lord and
Savior.
I want to serve Your kingdom.
I'm Yours, Jesus.
I don't want
to belong to this world.
Receive your forgiveness by faith.
I'm free, no
longer bound by the devil.
He's preparing a mansion for you. To
become a Christian, find a
Bible
and
read
it.
Get baptized.
Braden
is
getting
baptized tomorrow at church.
Go
to
a
Bible-believing
church that
teaches
you how
to
live by
faith,
like Glorious Church
Fellowship in Collinsville,
Oklahoma.
It's not hard.
I hope
this video blessed you.
The devil is
a loser, but he
still tries to stick his head out.
We have to hit him like
whack-a-mole.
The
devil
is
not
touching my family
with this virus. No
weapon formed against me
shall
prosper.
We
wrestle not against flesh and blood, but
against principalities.
We anoint
ourselves with oil,
take communion, and
apply
the blood of Jesus over
our
houses
and
children.
Satan cannot cross the bloodline as
long as you do not leave a door open. You have
to keep the doors
shut to the enemy.
He
comes as a roaring
lion
seeking whom he may
devour, but he can't
devour the one who has the blood up and
the doors closed.
The blood
is
all-powerful,
but
God doesn't override free
will.
Be wise and vigilant. If you do make a mistake, be
like
Billy
Burke
and
be
quick to repent.
He
talked
about
how
a water moccasin
came into his house because he
left
the
patio door open. It was his fault for letting the snake
in.
We
aren't
afraid of bird
flu; we
have the honey glow. The anointing of the Holy Spirit was like a honey glow
that
the
virus couldn't
penetrate.
As we walked into those
tents, we laid hands on people
and they were
healed.
I
thank You, Lord, that their hands will
prosper in
2025.
They will be the
head and not the tail.
We
will
show the world
there is a living Jesus
inside of us.
Subscribe to our
videos
and
click the notification bell.
Braden
helped
me
with
the
tech.
Pray for the people of North
Korea.
Father, we lift them up.
May
they
find Jesus before it's
too late.
We pray
for
peace over Ukraine
and
Russia.
May
this needless war cease.
Father, may Donald Trump be
a voice in the darkness.
I ask You, Father, that we would
spare this generation
from
this
virus,
just
as
Abraham
petitioned
You
for
Sodom
and
Gomorrah.
We
give You all the glory.
Amen.